with the action with football pictures
the final battle in the cockpit
he was lying on the floor
he has lost
you can't buy more records
krakau public space but that takes
but I know where something nice
I have very double yes I still have double and others
I have your envelope
and there I have three pictures
three defenders
I made a prediction
that prediction is
first you want to join one of these defense thoughts
if the device is in good looking
I've wanted to double there for years
the spelling error you get all my butt also be approve
do you want the palaces
defense had thought of you
you can already be ready to take out all the pictures
and that is one of the bulbs
and that is exactly the picture
you are right therefore they get it
6 please
radar
but how do you do that
that's gonna tell you
actually very simple
you chose this one
put in each one
but imagine
those are men of chosen from psv
all viewers I had done beforehand
orie stradale
a bunch of place from previous winners have been chosen
had said look
that way thinks nothing on the back
optiver psv is also not such a beautiful but the picture that you cao
I have in advance
so it is clear we hope that I can earn double on it
but the ecb also with new club but on
in the meantime
well i want to try but
watch the film of the term with the double
their stuff
those are children's shoes
then the 12 12
2 3 4 5 6 and 7 8 19
twelve that is a one in a tweet next to the hotel then I come 3
a train
that is possible from
unbelievable
yes if this fails
the graceful me also with those other players
goals to the ears are well
I have strobeman
edouard duplan
or that too will be a book
this is unbelievable
but that
as it appears in this booklet full
two do not really know
I have all had to be double men but then
Wednesday afternoon
experienced
in the galgenwaard which national Thursday
for football pictures by albert heijn
I'm going to
cook the golden soccer picture exchange fair well there Wednesday from 2 to numbers
held the stadium galgenwaard
want more video summary
responses must be short and to the point max they got FC Utrecht